The officers have a step system just like the enlisted sailors do. So
for the officers you have O1 which is Ensign, you've probably heard
those from the movies and things like that. For O2 that's Lieutenant
JG, Lieutenant Junior Grade. For O3 there's a Lieutenant. O4 is Lieutenant
Commander. O5 is Commander. O6 is a Captain and Captains are
the ones, they're basically really really high in their officer community.
They're the people that command the ship, command the aircraft
carrier, those are Captains. After that, then you have people who
have been Captains for a long time and they're super senior people
that you see on TV, those are the Admirals. So you have Rear Admiral
Lower Half, Upper Half, Vice Admiral and Admiral. That's O7, O8, O9,
and O10.